Running:

same direction:

if K_d and moving right
    add acc: 0.046875
if K_a and moving left
    sub acc: 0.046975, i.e. add the negative

opposite direction:

if K_d and moving left
    add dec: 0.5 (about as 10 times higher than acc)
if K_a and moving right
    sub dec: 0.5, i.e. add the negative
if sign has changed in the process:
    set xsp to dec resp. -dec. This brings the advantage that the player can press left, and then right in quick succession to get a little 'speed boost'

This should be equal to add force?
Motivation: If the sprite takes to long to turn around you slide of a cliff!

if neither K_a nor K_d are pressed
    apply friction, frc: 0.046875, i.e. same as acc
    or if velo is already less than frc set to zero.

Set a maxmial speed not this way
top = 6
if xvelocity > top:
    xvelocity = top
if we do. outer sources cant speed us up any higher.
If xvelocity < top:
    apply more velocity

Animation:
    We need 2 basic animations:
        Idle, if and only if, the horizontal velocity is exactly zero
    Running:
        If the velocity is != zero, flip the images for running in the other direction


Jumping:

The air acceleration is twice as high; air: 0.9375
There is neither friction, nor deceleration while jumping. Pressing left or right will simply add or sub air. But the top speed is still 6.

Gravity has a strength of; grv: 0.21875

air drag:
    if jumping up, y speed > -4, e.g. -3.5, jumping not that fast up
        xspeed = xspeed - xspeed * 0.9234
    have another look at this ????

Variable jump height:
    if moving upwards, i.e. Y speed < 0
        Y speed < -4, e.g. -5
            set the Y speed to -4
                therefore only the tiny restjump is done



Collision:
    Collider has to extend pygame.sprite.Sprite so we can use the
        pygame.sprite.sprtecollide() method for easy collision detection.
    Each object in the game has a collider attached.
    We can set solid varibale, to determine whether or not collision detection includes this collier

Tile:
    It has to extend pygame.sprite.Sprite so we can use the
        pygame.sprite.spritecollide() method for easy collision detection
    Sprite gives this object a rect, i.e. position, and width and height, and
        also an image.
    Nonmoveable object.

Level:
    Each level has to have a list of tiles,
